gh-149079: Fix O(n^2) canonical ordering in unicodedata.normalize() (#149080)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2026-04-27-16-36-11.gh-issue-149079.vKl-LM.rst

Fix a potential denial of service in :func:`unicodedata.normalize`. The

> canonical ordering step of Unicode normalization used an O(n²) insertion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
canonical ordering step of Unicode normalization used a quadratic-time insertion
```

I suggested to avoid possible rendering issues (we also say "linear-time" afterwards)
